# Sales Engineer

npm, Inc. is the company behind npm, used by millions of Javascript
developers and by companies like Google, PayPal, Uber, Twitter,
Dropbox, Tesla, Adobe, Amazon, and thousands of others every day to
build great web applications faster.

npm is expanding its enterprise-focused offering to give businesses
enhanced security and control over applications they build using open
source components. Typical sales opportunities for these products
range from $10,000 to over $100’s of thousands per year.

## about this role

As a sales engineer, your role is to educate our customers about the
capabilities of our software, and assist them in getting the most out
of it. This will involve working with them to formulate technical
solutions to their problems using our software, and assisting them as
they execute on that plan. You'll help them get set up for trials, and
build proofs-of-concept of more complex solutions.

You will be the primary technical point of contact with your
customers, collaborating with other engineers at npm on technical and
architectural strategies to enrich and evolve npm's enterprise
products.

You should have a disciplined approach to customer engagement, and use
automation to help you manage multiple customer relationships in
parallel. Your work will help shape an organization designed to drive
deal velocity and equip customers to quickly attain their desired
goals.  By putting customers on a path to fully adopt npm as part of
their app development and security strategy, you will be a key
contributor to their overall success, and npm's too.

This role gives you the opportunity to work at a company with a
well-recognized and well-loved brand in the engineering community,
used by millions of developers. You'll work with a diverse team of
talented (and fun) individuals, while making web application
development faster, more productive, and safer for thousands of
businesses and millions of developers.

Our sales team is still small, but growing fast.  Your diverse skill
set will help set the direction so we can be more successful.

The position reports to the VP of Sales. Your compensation will mainly
be salary, but with the opportunity to earn bonuses based on revenue
and customer success.  

## where we can hire
Our headquarters are in Oakland, California, but you can be based anywhere
in the USA. The team has members in Oakland, Seattle, Portland, Omaha, 
Murfreesboro, England, and Poznan. If you have experience working remotely, 
so do we. We cannot currently sponsor new work visas other than TN-1s, 
but we can transfer existing H-1Bs.

## about npm

npm is the package manager for all JavaScript, serving code modules to
over 11 million developers around the globe. As a low-friction way to
share code, it has facilitated some of the largest open source
movements in web development. Since its invention in 2009, over
730,000 packages have been published. In 2018, nearly everybody who
builds a website uses npm to help them do it.

We believe that high-performing teams include people from different
backgrounds and experiences who can challenge each other's assumptions
with fresh perspectives. To that end, we actively seek a diverse pool
of applicants, including those from historically marginalized groups —
women, people with disabilities, people of color, women of color,
formerly incarcerated people, people who are lesbian, gay, bisexual,
transgender, and/or gender nonconforming, first and second generation
immigrants, and people from low-income families.

## our code of conduct

npm exists to facilitate sharing code, by making it easy for
JavaScript module developers to publish and distribute packages. npm
is a piece of technology, but more importantly, it is a community. We
believe that our mission is best served in an environment that is
friendly, safe, and accepting; free from intimidation or harassment.
We do not tolerate abusive behavior. See our unabridged code of
conduct [here](https://www.npmjs.com/policies/conduct).

Closing date for this position is July 29, 2018.
